What did the lion see?
Nothing, let's go
I know what he wants
Something big happened to Shizi
Princess Linglong is going to hold a recruitment conference
Picky eater primaries tomorrow
Calm down
Isn't it a recruitment conference?
Princess Linglong's son has decided to arrive
Prince Qin Fei, stop reading
Please go back and report to the princess and Her Majesty
I will not only attend the recruitment conference in person
To win
Lord Lion, I will preside over this recruitment conference.
You know this rule
The sixth prince of Jiulao is good
Then I will take a good look at your performance
Lion, it's all over this room
This recruitment conference
Final Choice
The first round of competition
This second round has meritorious live propositions
Lion, have you experienced a round of competition?
You go and prepare a guzheng for me immediately.
And redwood.
Nail hammer
Scissors, etc.
Yes you what are you doing
I'm going to invent a brand new musical instrument
Sure to win the princess' favor
And wow everyone